"I don't think I've ever been able to toss anything at Chris Pickett that he
hasn't just CRUSHED! Nice job!" - John Krenz (Resource Manager)

"I wanted to thank you for all that you do for NAR. You have gone above and
beyond with this client. Thank you very much for all that you do!" - Sean
Latterner (Salesman)

“From what I have heard the NAR project has been very challenging. After
digging around a little I have learned that you have really gone above and the
call of duty over the last few months. I wanted to personally thank you on
behalf of The Nerdery for dedication and commitment to the project, client,
and your team. If there is anything I can do for while you lead the team
through wrap up please let me know.”  - Tom O’Neil (COO)

"Thank you. Thank you for investing so much energy in this client over the last
year. Thank you for going the extra mile every time they ask. Thank you for
having the fortitude to tell the client the full truth and work with them to a
better solution. Thank you for what you do. Just plain thank you. Keep up the
good work. It isn't going unnoticed. Thank you." - Chris Locher (Director of
Project Management)

"I want to thank you for the excellent work you have been doing on the
NAREALTORS engagement. It sounds like you have been providing our client with
great service and working to see that they have a solution that exceeds
expectations. I love to see the innovation in our process and services and I
appreciate you pushing boundaries. Thanks again for the great work. I am
excited to see how this next phase works out." - Tom O’Neil (COO)

"I could give you a shout out almost everyday with the amount of shit you help
me with. Over the past month alone you have helped me with PHP, Ruby,
JavaScript, Python, bash, vim, git, svn, and probably more. You carried the
Optum meeting when we tried to get the Tiger demo going on windows and Red Hat.
Your always willing to review my code and its always better, faster, stronger
because of it. You are one of the best developers here at the Nerdery, and I’m
seriously grateful for all the knowledge bombs you drop on me. "  - Samuel
Carlton (Senior Front-End Developer)

"Thank you both so much for going above and beyond to ensure that we hit the
deadline for implementing Adobe Analytics for NAR. There was not a lot of
direction for this project when it was scoped, and your ability to rock it out
surpassed my expectations. You guys are great to work with!" -- Bobbie Leeb
(Project Manager)
